the sri lankan government on wednesday announced the closure of government schools with immediate effect as a military campaign against tamil separatists escalated in the north of the country .
police arrested five anti-nuclear protesters thursday after they sought to disrupt loading of a french antarctic research and supply vessel , a spokesman for the protesters said .
factory orders for manufactured goods rose #.# percent in september , the commerce department said here thursday .
the bank of japan appealed to financial markets to remain calm friday following the us decision to order daiwa bank ltd. to close its us operations .
croatian president franjo tudjman said friday croatian and serb negotiators would meet saturday to thrash out an agreement on the last serb-held area in croatia , under a deal reached at us-brokered talks .
japan 's toyota team europe were banned from the world rally championship for one year here on friday in a crushing ruling by the world council of the international automobile federation -lrb- fia -rrb- .
israel prepared sunday for prime minister yitzhak rabin 's state funeral which will be attended by a host of world leaders , including us president bill clinton and the jordanian and egyptian heads of state .
indian prime minister p.v. narasimha rao 's promise of more autonomy for troubled kashmir and his plea for early state elections has sparked a violent reaction from provincial moslem and opposition parties .
turnout was heavy for parliamentary elections monday in trinidad and tobago after a month of intensive campaigning throughout the country , one of the most prosperous in the caribbean .
jordan 's crown prince hassan ibn talal arrived tuesday for his first visit to jerusalem and was to pay his condolences to the widow of assassinated prime minister yitzhak rabin .
poland 's main opposition party tuesday endorsed president lech walesa in an upcoming presidential run-off election after a reformed communist won the first round of voting .
the rand gained ground against the dollar at the opening here wednesday , to #.#### \/ ## to the greenback from #.#### \/ ## at the close tuesday .
arbitrary arrests , torture , prisoners dying in detention and the death penalty are current practices in guinea , human rights organization amnesty international said thursday in a report published here .
a young syrian woman who was arrested last year on terrorism charges at the airport here had a map of us military facilities in turkey , a canadian security official said thursday .
hong kong signed a breakthrough air services agreement with the united states on friday that will allow us airlines to carry freight to asian destinations via the territory .
a us citizen who spied for communist east germany was given a suspended jail sentence of ## months here friday .
davis love said he was thinking of making the world cup of golf a full time occupation after taking a ## stroke lead over japan in the event with us partner fred couples here on saturday .
france , still high after their convincing ##-## win over new zealand have named the same team for the second test next saturday in paris .
at least ## people were killed when a nigeria airways airliner crashed on landing monday at kaduna airport in the north of the country , airport officials said .
the four candidates in algeria 's first free presidential election held final rallies monday amid tight security as some voters began casting their ballots three days ahead of the main poll .
the united nations children 's fund -lrb- unicef -rrb- has voiced concern over the plight of children in much of eastern europe where communism was abruptly dismantled and state services allowed to erode .
a swedish un soldier in bosnia was shot and killed by a stray bullet on tuesday in an incident authorities are calling an accident , military officials in stockholm said tuesday .
a us judge denied on tuesday a request for the extradition of former mexican deputy attorney general mario ruiz massieu to mexico where he is charged with a cover-up in his brother 's murder investigation .
fred west told the truth -- and should be believed -- when he exonerated his wife in the murders of ## young women before killing himself , a jury heard wednesday .
german chemical giant hoechst group announced plans wednesday to invest ### million dollars in china next year , with the idea of getting a strong foothold in the fast growing economy , xinhua news agency reported .
a court here thursday sentenced a ##-year-old man to ## years in jail after he admitted pummelling his baby son to death to silence him while watching television .
president bill clinton said thursday he would propose a new plan to congress to reopen many government operations and end the budget impasse , but repeated his intention to veto a republican budget bill .
five east timorese youths who scaled the french embassy 's fence here thursday , left the embassy on their way to portugal friday .
the repatriation of at least #,### bosnian moslems was postponed friday after the unhcr pulled out of the first joint scheme to return refugees to their homes in northwest bosnia .
the us space shuttle atlantis separated from the orbiting russian mir space station early saturday , after three days of test runs for life in a future space facility , nasa announced .
the shooting down of the largest transport plane in the sri lankan air force has wrecked supply lines and slowed a major government offensive against the tamil rebel citadel of jaffna , analysts said .
outgoing polish president lech walesa and his ex-communist rival aleksander kwasniewski cast their ballots sunday in a tight contest for the presidency but managed some humor amid all the tension .
tea scores on the fourth day of the second test between australia and pakistan here monday .
the head of the russian-installed government in the breakaway republic of chechnya narrowly survived a bomb attack monday , the third assassination attempt against top russian officials in two months .
australia 's news corp announced monday it was joining brazil 's globo , mexico 's grupo televisa and the us tele-communications inc. in a venture to broadcast ### channels via satellite to latin america .
former israeli chief of staff ehud barak is to be appointed foreign minister in the new cabinet of prime minister shimon peres , an outgoing minister said tuesday .
indicted war criminals will not be allowed to hold office or serve in the military in post-war bosnia under a peace agreement for the balkans reached tuesday , us officials said .
japan 's collapsed kizu credit union , the largest such institution in the country , had incurred losses of ### billion yen -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- , the bank of japan said wednesday .
nick leeson , the young futures trader blamed for the collapse of britain 's oldest merchant bank , rose from humble london origins to become the tragic golden boy of the asian financial el dorado .
malaysian prime minister mahathir mohamad indicated friday he would soon relinquish control of the ruling party to his deputy anwar ibrahim .
bosnian croat forces have begun torching homes in parts of western bosnia captured during a summer offensive but due to return to serb control under the dayton peace agreement , un officials said friday .
president robert mugabe 's pay packet will be more than doubled by july next year to a total of ###,### zimbabwe dollars -lrb- around ##,### us dollars -rrb- , the government announced saturday .
former french prime minister michel rocard and former us defense secretary robert mcnamara have agreed to serve on an australian commission working to ban nuclear weapons , prime minister paul keating said sunday .
former mexican president carlos salinas said sunday that he was astonished by charges that his brother was connected with the drug - trafficking underworld and that , if convicted , he should be punished .
ministers from the european union and its mediterranean neighbors gathered here under heavy security on monday for an unprecedented conference on economic and political cooperation .
bosnian president alija izetbegovic on monday accused bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic of seeking to sway the us congress against approving us troops to help enforce peace in the former yugoslavia .
pakistan 's team manager intikhab alam dismissed claims tuesday that his team 's poor performance in the current test series was to blame for weak ticket sales ahead of the final test .
faced with a mushrooming influence-peddling scandal that has rocked the government , president fernando henrique cardoso has opened a high - level probe into the affair in an attempt to stem political fallout .
french rail workers pressed on with their crippling strike for a sixth straight day wednesday to protest welfare reform plans by prime minister alain juppe , with no immediate end in sight .
the handlers of britain 's lennox lewis are ready to offer american riddick bowe nine million dollars for a long-overdue heavyweight clash in march or april , his promoter panos eliades said wednesday .
president fidel ramos on thursday said he was `` confident '' that peace talks with moslem guerrillas would result in a successful conclusion following the latest round of negotiations in jakarta .
east timorese president xanana gusmao on thursday made an emotional appeal for rivals from the country 's east and west to forgive each other , pleading for unity to end weeks of violence .
ireland 's government urged prudence on thursday as the first irish savers began to benefit from a state savings scheme that will mean a ##-billion-euro -lrb- ##-billion-dollar -rrb- payout to almost #.# million people over the next year .
russian foreign minister sergei lavrov on thursday welcomed a us move to enter european-led talks on iran 's nuclear program , urging the international community not to disrupt the process .
general motors corp. expects it will be able to avoid a crippling strike at its largest parts subsidiary despite a disagreement over the company 's attempt to throw out its union contracts as it emerges from bankruptcy , gm 's chief executive said thursday .
football fans in the bangladesh capital dhaka will be able to watch the world cup live on big screens at ## city locations , officials said friday .
india won the toss and chose to bat on the opening day in the opening test against west indies at the antigua recreation ground on friday .
polling stations closed at #### gmt -lrb- #### local time -rrb- friday on the first day of czech legislative elections shadowed by allegations surrounding social democrat prime minister jiri paroubek .
an insurgency-hit indian state is paying handsome rewards to policemen for slaying maoist rebels in the jungles despite protests from rights groups about state-sponsored violence .
the united nations condemned saturday an attack on russian embassy employees in baghdad that claimed the life of one russian and resulted in the kidnapping of four others .
ministers from ## african nations and the united states are to hold annual talks this week aimed at devising strategies for a vibrant private sector in africa and stepping up trade .
american time-trial specialist david zabriskie of team csc won the #.# km opening prologue of the dauphine libere here on sunday .
a high-profile japanese fund manager admitted monday to insider trading linked to the scandal-hit livedoor internet firm in the latest fall from grace of one a new breed of corporate raiders .
rafael nadal moved to within three wins of defending his french open crown when he subdued a battling and determined lleyton hewitt to reach the quarter-finals at roland garros on monday .
a powerful bomb exploded outside a navy base near the sri lankan capital colombo tuesday , seriously wounding at least one person , military officials said .
chelsea manager jose mourinho has said that only another title and the champions league will suffice for him as he builds towards next season .
russia warned wednesday against nato taking in the ex-soviet republics of ukraine and georgia , saying such a colossal geopolitical shift would threaten relations .
chelsea wing arjen robben said here on wednesday he wished to prove dutch national coach marco van basten right and show he is one of the great players of his era .
mittal steel said on wednesday that its hostile takeover offer to shareholders in european steelmaker arcelor had officially begun in the united states and would last until july # .
some #.# billion people worldwide are expected to watch germany face costa rica on television at the opening match of football 's world cup , german public broadcaster zdf said thursday .
earthquake survivors on indonesia 's java island have endured unimaginable suffering but some say they are now facing the final straw : missing out on watching the world cup .
even some of his rivals in the roland garros locker-room are hoping that roger federer can create a bit of tennis history by winning all four grand slams .
question marks over the form of spain 's record goal-scoring captain raul continued to feed the concerns of the country 's press here friday .
group of eight finance ministers warned saturday that the world economy was menaced by soaring energy costs and called for closer cooperation to calm volatile oil and gas markets .
england coach sven-goran eriksson believes his team must improve on their disappointing display against paraguay if they want to win the world cup .
a tropical depression , the first of the atlantic hurricane season , was lashing western cuba with driving rain and stiff winds late friday and could worsen in the coming hours , forecasters said .
palestinian president mahmud abbas needs to do more to disarm militant groups , israeli prime minister ehud olmert said sunday , pledging to help in the process .
jason terry , hero of dallas ' game one national basketball association finals win over miami , may need off-season surgery on an injured thumb that he has been nursing for four months .
group h favorites spain could be given an unexpected boost ahead of their opener against ukraine - if andriy shevchenko decides to sit out wednesday 's afternoon match in leipzig .
tomas rosicky scored twice as the czech republic enjoyed an impressive #-# victory over the united states in their world cup opener on monday .
billionaire basketball team owner mark cuban was a no show , but the head of unicef made it and pop star prince rounded off the evening by throwing a guitar over his head .
french bank credit agricole launched on tuesday a public cash offer to buy the ## percent of emporiki bank it does not already own , in a bid valuing the greek group at #.# billion euros -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- .
us president george w. bush flew into baghdad tuesday on a surprise five hour visit to back the new government of iraqi prime minister nuri al-maliki in its fight against the raging insurgency .
the open square in front of the french capital 's famed notre dame cathedral will be renamed after late pope john paul ii , the city council decided tuesday .
the somali town of jowhar , the last stronghold of the us-backed warlords , on wednesday girded for new clashes after three powerful militia chiefs fled the township as their enemies were reportedly within striking distance , residents said .
the french press on wednesday were typically scathing in their assessment of les bleus ' performance in their opening world cup match , a #-# draw with switzerland .
world number three david nalbandian said wednesday that he was optimistic of being fit to compete in wimbledon after being forced to retire injured in the french open semi-finals last week .
a consortium led by us investment bank goldman sachs thursday increased its takeover offer of associated british ports holdings , the biggest port operator in britain , after being threatened with a possible rival bid .
west germany 's #### world cup winning hero franz beckenbauer hopes hosts germany are not paired with england in the last ## of the world cup , saying he would prefer to meet the old foe later in the tournament .
former italian prime minister silvio berlusconi has been re-elected as president of serie a side ac milan , the club confirmed on thursday .
nato secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer said thursday an upsurge in taliban attacks in afghanistan was aimed at `` testing '' western public opinion and warned the alliance would take tough action against anyone trying to derail afghan reconstruction .
one of bollywood 's hottest actors john abraham has refused to bow to pressure from india 's health minister and quit promoting fizzy drinks .
european union leaders gave slovenia a green light friday to join the eurozone next year , launching a new wave of expansion for the currently ##-nation single currency club .
mauritania 's ruling military leaders have launched an electoral campaign in support of a constitutional referendum set for june ## , the official media announced friday .
slovaks started voting at #:## am -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- on saturday in elections to the ###-seat parliament , with centre-right prime minister mikulas dzurinda fighting to continue far-reaching but painful reforms .
phil mickelson 's bid for a third straight major title was still on saturday as the american started the third round of the us open golf championship four shots off the lead .
anti-whaling nations sent japan crashing to a third straight defeat on saturday at world whale talks soured by rows over cruelty and the moratorium on commercial hunts .
hundreds of graduates from america 's most prestigious universities are temporarily setting aside their high-powered career ambitions to teach at inner-city schools , as part of a program to help children from low-income families .
ukraine outclassed saudi arabia in their crunch group h game here monday , firmly setting their stuttering world cup campaign back on track with a convincing #-# win .
sri lanka 's tamil tiger rebels tuesday reaffirmed their commitment to a truce despite surging violence , but said the future of ceasefire monitors from denmark , finland and sweden is still in the balance .
estonians will miss their traditional midsummer bonfires in state-owned forests this year after the authorities on tuesday banned the practice because of risk of forest fires .
the launch of a long-range north korean missile would provide the first real test of a us missile defense system that has cost billions of dollars to build and is still in development , analysts said tuesday .
journalists and legislators in afghanistan have been outraged by the intelligence service 's new media guidelines that bar interviews with taliban leaders and criticism of foreign troops .
south korea said wednesday it would consider scrapping food aid to impoverished north korea if pyongyang test-fired a missile .
us lawyer ed fagan said wednesday he will bring a multi-million dollar lawsuit in the united states against the polish government unless it takes concrete steps to repay a huge debt to holders of bonds issued before world war ii .
around ### clandestine immigrants wednesday staged a peaceful breakout from a detention center in malta and demonstrated on a road shouting `` we want freedom .
like a conquering army , south korea are marching towards the knock-out stages of the #### world cup on their stomachs .
eight chinese scientists have asked a leading us medical journal to withdraw a letter published thursday alleging that china knew about a human case of bird flu two years before the first case was officially announced .
two-time champions argentina suffered a blow on thursday when defender nicolas burdisso was ruled out of the world cup second round clash against mexico here on saturday because of a ankle injury .
fbi agents have arrested at least seven people in miami who reportedly plotted to attack the chicago sears tower skyscraper , according to official statements and news reports .
world cup hopefuls spain secured their objective of finishing top of group h with a stuttering #-# win over whipping boys saudi arabia here on friday .
the white house said friday that a new videotape of al-qaeda number two ayman al-zawahiri is the terrorist network 's latest shot in its effort to win a `` propaganda war .
directors of the european steel giant arcelor were to meet sunday in luxembourg to decide between two suitors : the partnership offered by russia 's severstal and the hostile bid from mittal steel .
a japanese man hanged himself in taiwan sunday after the asian champions failed to secure a single victory in the world cup , a report said .
france beat south africa ##-## here on sunday to become the world under-## rugby champions for the first time .
china has executed five people who had been sentenced to death for drugs trafficking , state media reported on monday .
italian voters rejected by a wide margin a referendum on constitutional change backed by former prime minister silvio berlusconi , provisional results showed , dealing a further blow to the media mogul more than two months after he lost power .
vietnam chose a new president and was set to get a new premier tuesday in a sweeping leadership change for the communist country heading fast into an era of closer integration with the world economy .
wigan moved to consolidate their premiership status tuesday by tying down one of the brightest stars of last season 's maiden top flight campaign .
hurricane katrina fraudsters who billed the us government for fictitious services and filed claims for phantom hotel guests and even dom perignon champagne have cost taxpayers up to two billion dollars , the new york times reported tuesday .
a controversial civilian nuclear energy deal between india and the united states cleared its first major hurdle tuesday , easily winning approval by a us congress committee .
chinese government departments lost #.# billion dollars last year through corruption , poor tax methods and bad land management , the national audit office said in a report published wednesday .
two exclusive rome clubs have invited prince victor emmanuel to resign following his arrest on suspicion of providing prostitutes and illegal slot machines to a casino , an italian newspaper reported on wednesday .
the al-aqsa martyrs brigades said wednesday it had kidnapped an israeli settler , marking the third abduction of an israeli since sunday .
kuwaiti women join their menfolk for the first time thursday in voting to elect a parliament for the oil-rich gulf state after a fierce campaign focusing on electoral reform and corruption .
foreign ministers of the group of eight countries began talks here thursday expected to raise pressure on iran over its nuclear program , as moscow sought to prevent next month 's g# summit becoming a magnet for criticism of russia 's democratic credentials .
greece said thursday that it was monitoring the escalating hostilities between israelis and palestinians with `` particular concern , '' and feared it could worsen .
european stock markets advanced strongly thursday on some bargain-hunting and gains by wall street and japanese shares ahead of an expected hike in us interest rates , dealers said .
the australian government friday warned building products company james hardie it had run out of excuses for not paying compensation to victims of its asbestos products following a special tax ruling .
palestinian prime minister ismail haniya insisted friday that his hamas-led government was continuing efforts to secure the release of an israeli soldier captured by militants .
the united states deported to bosnia on friday two bosnian serbs wanted by a local court on charges of genocide committed in the #### srebrenica massacre , an official said .
luca toni scored twice as italy beat ukraine #-# in the world cup quarter-finals here on friday to set up a mouth-watering last four clash against hosts germany .
up to ###,### revellers packed sydney 's streets to celebrate the gay and lesbian mardi gras , breaking attendance records for the eye - popping annual street festival .
zairean president mobutu sese seko will stay at his french riviera residence until at least the middle of the week because of an increase in diplomatic activity , a mobutu aide said on sunday .
the rand was slightly weaker against the dollar in early trade here monday , opening at #.#### \/ ## to the greenback compared to its close friday of #.#### \/ ## .
the head of al-azhar , the top sunni moslem authority , will visit germany next week to discuss the teaching of islam in europe , his spokesman said monday .
all countries that signed the european union 's maastricht treaty have `` exactly the same right '' to join in monetary union at the outset , as long as they meet the convergence criteria , french president jacques chirac said on monday .
a thai man believed to have been killed in a knife fight has caused a stir by returning to his home eight months after his own funeral , a thai daily reported tuesday .
croatia protested tuesday over an attack against a roman catholic church in sarajevo , which came just one month ahead of a scheduled visit by the pope , hina news agency said .
senior magistrates in france have accused president jacques chirac and the government of ignoring their objections when making important judicial appointments , it was reported wednesday .
imf chief michel camdessus wednesday told india to prepare for a second wave of economic reforms to catch up with asian tigers .
about ### rwandan refugees who have flown in from civil war-torn eastern zaire were stuck thursday at nairobi 's wilson airport , where immigration officials refused to allow them on to kenyan territory .
the united states underscored thursday its support for international efforts to contain the insurrection in albania and pressed president sali berisha to find a compromise to end the unrest .
colonel theoneste bagosora , a suspected ringleader of the rwandan ethnic massacres of #### , pleaded not guilty friday to charges of genocide and crimes against humanity at the un war crimes court .
the us economy created ###,### jobs in february when the unemployment rate dropped from #.# percent to #.# percent , the government reported friday .
six us tourists and their costa rican pilot cheated death friday when their twin-engine plane crashed into a wooded hillside outside costa rica 's capital , red cross officials said .
zairean rebels , led by laurent-desire kabila , on saturday rejected calls by the united nations for a ceasefire , saying it could only be called after talks with kinshasa .
south korean union leaders on sunday threatened renewed strikes against new labor rules drafted by parliament to replace a controversial bill which sparked industrial unrest last december .
egyptian president hosni mubarak said sunday said he would ask us president bill clinton to `` use his influence '' to halt a controversial planned jewish settlement in east jerusalem .
the stability of hong kong 's stockmarket will continue after july #st , when the territory is handed by to china , central monetary authority president joseph yam said here monday .
diana , princess of wales , on monday visited a homeless emergency cold weather shelter in a notorious red light district in central london - but found her motives questioned by those whose cause she hoped to highlight .
the rand firmed further against the dollar in early trade here tuesday , opening at #.#### \/ ## to the greenback against #.#### \/ ## at close on monday .
the un chief of eastern slavonia , the last serb-held part of croatia , confirmed tuesday that key elections would be held here on april ## as part of local ballots throughout croatia .
the arab group in the united nations on tuesday dismissed israel 's warning that a palestinian bid to apply international pressure against israel could freeze the peace process .
sesame street has extended to shanghai through a joint production of a chinese version , sponsored by us power company general electric -lrb- ge -rrb- , of the us made children 's television program .
unrest in albania inched closer to the capital tirana on wednesday , as president sali berisha was trying to defuse tension by forming a new government headed by an opposition socialist .
the un general assembly appeared poised to adopt a resolution denouncing israel 's plans to build housing for thousands of jewish settlers in east jerusalem .
the cambodian military is growing impatient with delays in peace negotiations being used by khmer rouge military commander ta mok , who is acting like colonel kurtz from the film `` apocalypse now , '' a senior defense ministry official said thursday .
thai share prices dropped #.# percent in thin trading thursday amid profit-taking by local traders , analysts said .
the ##,### employees of apple computer are awaiting word from chairman gilbert amelio , who on friday is to reveal details of a reorganization that could mean the elimination of ## percent of the jobs at the troubled group .
a man has been shot dead in a catholic area of west belfast , police said friday .
twenty-eight people were rushed to hospital saturday after ## different chemicals spilled inside the hold of a british airways boeing ### at london 's heathrow airport , the rescue services said .
a fairly strong earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale rocked wide areas of central and western japan sunday , followed by four aftershocks , the meteorological agency said .
tens of thousands of demonstrators marched through brussels sunday , calling for eu action to defend jobs , amid widespread anger at a decision by french carmaker renault to close a factory here .
japan 's finance ministry was unlikely to sell down its holding in nippon telegraph and telephone co. .
a truck carrying illegal north african immigrants flipped over in northeastern spain , killing ## and injuring six others , police said monday .
un secretary general kofi annan on monday heeded the advice of the leading industrialised nations and announced the merger of the world body 's three economic development departments into one .
an unscheduled flight from xiamen in china which could be carrying north korean defector hwang jang-yop landed tuesday at the clark airbase , north of here , sources at the manila international airport said .
jakarta share prices closed #.# percent lower tuesday amid selling pressure on heavyweight stocks , brokers said .
a shiite moslem cleric living in iran has threatened to call for a holy war against the bahraini government if it sentences to death alleged iranian-backed militants .
president bill clinton admitted tuesday that the us-russia summit will be a `` tough '' one as he heads for a showdown with president boris yeltsin over his cherished role of expanding nato .
rescuers have found the two black boxes belonging to the russian antonov-## charter plane which crashed tuesday in the north caucasus , killing the ## people on board , the ministry for emergencies said wednesday .
burma has put five cities on a security alert after religious unrest involving buddhists and moslems in the northern city of mandalay , an informed source said wednesday .
prime minister benjamin netanyahu has proposed completing talks on the final status of palestinian territories in the next six months instead of the scheduled two years , according to israeli public television .
politicians were urged thursday to regard public opinion not personal views when voting on a bill aimed at overturning the world 's first legislation allowing voluntary euthanasia .
up to ## afghans have been killed and hundreds injured by a massive explosion at an ammunition depot in the eastern provincial capital jalalabad , kabul red cross officials said thursday .
delta air lines will hold a press conference at #### gmt thursday to announce a major new aircraft purchase , the company said in a statement .
vice president al gore thursday welcomed liggett group 's admission that smoking causes cancer and its decision to help state officials sue fellow cigarette makers .
ukrainian president leonid kuchma threatened to dissolve parliament friday as deputies continued blocking the passage of the #### budget .
new research suggested saturday that ugly suspects with `` stereotypical criminal features '' are more likely to be found guilty than good - looking defendants .
the indian elephant will become extinct unless the government launches an all-out war against rampant poaching , wildlife experts say .
us vice president al gore arrived here sunday on the first leg of a three-nation asian tour to pave the way for a us-japan summit which will come amid a growing row over security and trade ties .
a girl of ## cut off a ##-year-old widower 's penis after he made advances to her , police here said sunday .
embattled zairean president mobutu sese seko on monday `` took note '' of parliament 's decision last week to sack the government of prime minister kengo wa dondo , national radio said .
president bill clinton will meet with jordan 's king hussein next week to discuss the latest developments in the mideast peace process , the white house announced monday .
china celebrated a groundbreaking visit by us vice president al gore on tuesday by signing #.# billion dollars worth of contracts with american giants boeing and general motors .
thousands of chanting voices soared into the air at a stadium here wednesday as the dalai lama led about ##,### people in a holy buddhist initiation rite aimed at freeing them from earthly ties .
the un expert on missing persons in the former yugoslavia , manfred nowak , resigned on wednesday , blaming his decision to quit on a lack of support from the international community .
a saudi national suspected in last year 's bombing of a us barracks in saudi arabia appeared at a crucial deportation hearing here wednesday .
the sudanese opposition said here thursday it had killed more than ### government soldiers in an ambush in the east of the country .
malaysia denied thursday it was freezing new bilateral dealings with singapore , but conflicting signals rocked financial markets and sowed confusion on the diplomatic front .
at least ## people have been killed in fighting in northern kenya 's marsabit district between kenyan security forces and heavily-armed ethiopian bandits , the daily nation newspaper reported on friday .
a sudanese convicted of a series of murders and two other arabs found guilty of drug trafficking were beheaded on friday , the saudi interior ministry said .
the first southeast asian biennial film festival opened here saturday with organizers hailing the event as a step toward rebuilding cambodia 's shattered film industry and promoting regional movies .
palestinian police beat an israeli photographer working for agence france-presse in the west bank city of hebron on sunday and confiscated his film during a palestinian protest .
a key mediator in the ###-day-old hostage crisis hinted the leftist rebels holding ## captives here were seeking to negotiate a final peace accord with the government .
india and pakistan ended four days of official talks here monday , the first between the two neighbors for three years , and vowed to continue working for closer ties .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu may be in washington next week and could meet with president bill clinton on the crumbling mideast peace process , the white house said monday .
members of the youth wing of vladimir putin 's united russia party on saturday launched a campaign against illegal immigration under the theme : `` our money for our people .
italy 's leftwing opposition , bruised by its election defeat in april , is hoping to take advantage of protests against education spending cuts to regain the initiative against the government of prime minister silvio berlusconi .
several hundred people from france and other countries gathered in central paris sunday to mark what they called the first `` global day for the right to die in dignity .
india were ###-# at tea in their second innings on the fifth and final day of the third test against australia at the feroz shah kotla stadium here on sunday .
there is little appetite among european union member states for military intervention in the democratic republic of congo , the eu 's most senior military figure warned monday .
german public regional bank hsh nordbank will ask the government for up to ## billion euros -lrb- ##.# billion dollars -rrb- in loan guarantees as part of a national rescue plan for the banking sector , it said in a statement on monday .
hong kong shares closed #.# percent higher monday , led by property developers and hsbc , dealers said .
talks between china and taiwan are expected to see the arch rivals forge closer economic ties this week but are unlikely to cool simmering tensions over the island 's sovereignty , analysts said .
un chief ban ki-moon said he would personally mediate in the crisis in the democratic republic of congo where new clashes broke out tuesday , threatening a week-old ceasefire .
after the longest and most expensive us presidential campaign ever , newspaper headlines on tuesday reflected both the historic importance of the occasion and relief that the outcome will soon be known .
taiwan share prices opened slightly lower tuesday with profit taking emerging as the market hovered close to the key #,###-point mark , dealers said .
ten senior french officers filed suit against rwanda for slander on tuesday after a justice minister 's report accused them of taking part in the #### genocide .
voter turnout reached a level unseen for a century in the historic election that swept barack obama to power as the first black us president , according to data published by analysts on wednesday .
australian prime minister kevin rudd wednesday praised us president-elect barack obama for turning martin luther king 's dream into a reality after the african - american won his country 's highest office .
the united states has further restricted iran 's access to the us financial system by banning certain types of fund transfers , the treasury department said thursday .
australia coach robbie deans has made eight changes to the side that was defeated by new zealand at the weekend ahead of the wallabies ' test against italy here sunday .
austrian bank raiffeisen international trimmed its #### profit forecast on thursday , citing a `` changed market situation .
india were ###-# in their first innings at lunch on the opening day of the fourth and final test against australia here on thursday .
thousands of people attacked chinese police in the southern city of shenzhen from friday afternoon to early saturday morning , state media reported .
us president george w. bush on friday warned that it would take time for federal stimulus measures to have their full economic effect amid news of steep job losses .
bank lending tightened up as financial markets erupted this year and is set to tighten further in the near future , a european central bank survey showed on friday , despite massive efforts by authorities to unfreeze credit markets .
five french trekkers and mountaineers were among six foreigners killed during the autumn climbing season in nepal , the french embassy and nepalese officials said friday .
argentine striker gonzalo higuain scored an incredible four goals , including two questionable penalties , as ten-man real madrid came from behind three times to defeat malaga #-# on sunday and go top of the spanish first division for the first time this season .
the death toll from a school collapse in a haitian shanty-town rose to ## after rescue workers uncovered a classroom with ## dead students and their teacher , officials said saturday .
us president-elect barack obama on friday said he would act `` swiftly '' as soon as he takes office to confront the economic crisis head on , during his first news conference since his historic election .
pope benedict xvi marked sunday the ##th anniversary of the kristallnacht pogrom , a prelude to the holocaust , by recalling the agony he felt as a boy growing up in nazi germany .
australian foreign minister stephen smith sunday congratulated new zealand 's new prime minister-elect john key as he praised ousted leader helen clark as a `` gutsy '' and respected politician .
iraq 's cabinet is expected to meet in baghdad on tuesday to discuss a military accord that will govern the presence of american troops in iraq beyond #### , a minister said on monday .
syria and lebanon decided on monday to boost border controls and anti-terrorism coordination , as the two neighbors took a new step to strengthen ties since diplomatic relations were established .
global banking giant hsbc said on monday that its pre-tax profits had risen in the third-quarter despite loan write-offs in the united states rising to #.# billion dollars -lrb- #.# billion euros -rrb- .
russia 's defense industry has been badly hit by the global financial crisis , deputy prime minister sergei ivanov , a former defense minister , said tuesday .
grim overall economic and corporate news pushed global stocks into reverse on tuesday despite an unexpected beam of light for the german economy .
eight members of an ultra-left anarchist group have been arrested in connection with a string of attacks on france 's rail network , french interior minister michele alliot-marie announced tuesday .
iraqi foreign minister hoshyar zebari on wednesday repeated baghdad 's denunciation of a deadly us raid on a syrian village that he said harmed relations between the neighbouring countries .
a blue-ribbon panel of experts said on wednesday that german economic growth will grind to a halt next year , raising doubts about berlin 's plans to shield europe 's biggest economy from the global turmoil .
new zealand share prices closed #.## percent lower wednesday after investors took their lead from further weakness in overseas markets , dealers said .
juventus moved into second place in italy 's serie a with a #-# win over genoa at turin 's stadio olimpico .
us shares managed modest gains in morning trade thursday as investors looked for bargains after a punishing three-day market selloff and shook off more bleak economic and corporate news .
chelsea striker didier drogba is under investigation for an incident during wednesday night 's league cup loss to burnley when he threw a coin back at the crowd , police confirmed thursday .
shivnarine chanderpaul hit a fighting century but could n't stop pakistan winning the second day-night international by ## runs here on friday , securing an unbeatable #-# lead .
a chinese fishing boat with a ##-man crew has been hijacked by pirates off the coast of east africa and is being held in somalia , state media reported here on friday .
vietnam has rejected a proposal by south korea 's posco group to build a #.# - billion-dollar steel mill near a coastal resort , citing environmental concerns , state media reported on friday .
french pilots voted saturday to press ahead with a strike which has severely hit flag carrier air france , the head of their main union told afp , ensuring further disruption .
iran , opec 's number two oil producer , favors a cut in crude production of #.# to #.# million barrels per day when the oil cartel meets in cairo later this month , state television reported saturday .
villarreal coach manuel pellegrini was understandably disappointed at dropping two points in the title race as malaga scored a ##th minute equaliser to snatch a #-# draw on sunday .
stock markets in the gulf states plunged on the week 's opener sunday as panic from the fallout of the global economic crisis continued to dampen investor sentiment .
a brutal financial crisis showed its teeth on monday as us banking giant citigroup announced a massive ##,### job cuts and automakers begged governments to save them amid a spreading global recession .
international mediators raised concerns monday over fresh fighting near azerbaijan 's disputed nagorny karabakh region that left at least one soldier dead at the weekend .
hosts india defeated england by ## runs on monday to take a #-# lead in the seven-match one-day series .
leading tibetan exiles began a week-long meeting monday in northern india that could usher in a more radical approach to their long struggle against chinese rule in tibet .
british premier gordon brown has narrowed the poll gap on opposition conservatives to just three points , a survey showed tuesday , the latest sign of a boost from his handling of the financial crisis .
barclays , the second-biggest british bank , said tuesday that investors from the oil-rich gulf had agreed to amend terms of their proposed capital injection worth billions of dollars .
chinese share prices plummeted #.## percent on tuesday as unabated concerns over china 's slowing economy and weakness in regional markets triggered heavy selling , dealers said .
david beckham 's career should be over , england 's #### world cup winner martin peters said following the la galaxy midfielder 's run of substitute appearances .
barack obama 's transition team dropped broad hints wednesday about who will fill a raft of top posts in his administration , naming teams of aides to develop policies in key areas .
just as germany comes under pressure to do more to jumpstart the world 's third biggest economy , party politics is rearing its ugly head and undermining berlin 's efforts to weather a sharp global slowdown .
the use of nuclear weapons will grow increasingly likely by #### , us intelligence warned thursday in a report on global trends that forecasts a tense , unstable world shadowed by war .
russian president dmitry medvedev on thursday demanded ukraine repay #.# billion dollars -lrb- #.# billion euros -rrb- of debt to russian energy giant gazprom , saying kiev could be `` forced '' to pay up .
the council of europe 's human rights commissioner slammed thursday as `` unacceptable '' conditions in france 's overcrowded and dilapidated jails , where some ## inmates have committed suicide this year .
there could be a nasty surprise under the tree for the us economy this christmas .
opponents of the leftist government of president daniel ortega said wednesday they had enough votes in congress to annul the disputed november # municipal elections in nicaragua .
oil prices continued to struggle under ## dollars per barrel on friday after they hit their lowest levels in almost four years on concerns over weakening demand and the prospect of a global recession .
malaysian shares are expected to remain volatile in the coming week on continuing uncertainties in the global financial markets and fears over the length of a global recession , dealers said friday .
kevin garnett scored ## points in his return after a one-game suspension and the boston celtics ripped detroit ##-## here thursday in a rematch of last season 's nba semi-finals .
the alleged al-qaeda mastermind of a #### transatlantic airplane bombing plot had been on the run for nearly a year before a us missile attack in northwest pakistan ended his life saturday .
somali pirates holding a huge oil-laden saudi tanker on saturday vowed to fight back should any assault be attempted to free the ship and urged its owners to pay up a ## million dollars ransom .
australian share prices opened slightly higher on monday following a big rally on wall street ahead of the weekend .
portsmouth striker jermain defoe could be ruled out for several weeks if a specialist decides the england international needs surgery to cure a calf injury .
south korea 's central bank is likely to inject up to #.# billion dollars into a state fund aimed at easing a credit squeeze in the country 's debt market , a report said sunday .
oil prices roared higher towards ## dollars on monday as equity markets surged on government action aimed at tackling a severe economic downturn .
malaysia 's central bank on monday cut its interest rate by ## basis points to #.## percent in a bid to boost growth amid the global economic crisis .
british-based standard chartered bank said monday it plans to raise #.## billion pounds -lrb- #.## billion us dollars -rrb- in a rights issue to better position itself during the global financial turmoil .
the us banking industry 's profits slid ## percent in the third quarter from a year ago to #.# billion dollars , reflecting the credit crisis ravaging the sector and overall economy , regulators said tuesday .
polls opened across greenland at #:## am -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- tuesday for a referendum on self-rule for the island that could pave the way for full independence from denmark in the future .
the world 's biggest miner bhp billiton announced tuesday it was dropping its controversial hostile takeover bid for rival rio tinto due to the state of the global economy .
south korea posted a current account surplus of #.# billion dollars in october , the central bank said thursday , a figure that is likely to relieve pressure on the shaky won .
iraq plans to hold a july referendum on a controversial military pact allowing us troops to remain for another three years that parliament is expected to adopt on thursday in a delayed vote .
new insurgency-linked violence left five policemen and ## militants dead in afghanistan , authorities said wednesday , as a un security council team continued a tour to assess post-taliban development .
thailand 's powerful army chief wednesday told anti-government protesters they must leave several key sites that they are occupying , including bangkok 's international airport .
two units of taiwan 's industrial conglomerate formosa plastic group have agreed to lend ### million us dollars to micron technology of the united states , the companies said wednesday .
writer juan marse was thursday awarded the cervantes prize , the top literary prize in the spanish-speaking world , culture minister cesar antonio molina announced .
greek state-run public power corporation -lrb- ppc -rrb- on thursday slumped to a loss of ###.# million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in the first nine months of #### despite a ## percent increase in sales .
consumer and business confidence in the european union slumped in november to the lowest level in ## years in the face of looming recession , according to an eu survey on thursday .
chinese shares were up #.## percent by midday thursday after the central bank announced its biggest interest rate cut in a decade to boost weakening economic growth , dealers said .
celtic midfielder paul hartley launched a passionate defense of scottish football on friday after another week of european misery .
a french plane has arrived in mumbai that could help repatriate up to ### europeans from the indian metropolis that has come under attack from islamist extremists , the french foreign ministry said friday .
turkey 's telecom authority auctioned three #g mobile phone licences on friday , raising ### million euros -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- at a time of strain on the national public finances .
new zealand shares closed #.## percent higher friday in their fourth straight rise as investors welcomed an easing of volatility in world markets , dealers said .
new zealand completed their second grand slam in three years and third overall with a ##-# win over england at twickenham here saturday .
the united nations and the european commission called on saturday for a global stimulus package , but the absence of major leaders at a un aid conference in qatar lowered hopes about the outcome .
four people , including three policemen , were killed when a police car came under fire in the capital of the restive russian republic of dagestan , police quoted by russian news agencies said sunday .
german chancellor angela merkel presides monday over a key annual congress of her party -- which has been divided over her response to the financial crisis -- ahead of federal elections in #### .
tamil tiger guerrillas monday admitted losing ## men in a weekend suicide attack against the navy in northern sri lanka which may have set back military plans for a fresh offensive against them .
the european union is to take china to task at the un human rights commission over its policy , notably in tibet , after failing to win concessions from beijing , diplomats said monday .
the dollar was quoted at ###.##-## yen here early tuesday , up from ###.## yen monday afternoon and from ###.## yen in new york late monday .
israel and qatar signed here on tuesday an agreement to open trade representation offices in each other 's country .
the dollar and major european currencies traded within narrow ranges on tuesday on the london forex market , which was waiting for the easter holiday weekend and for us employment figures to be announced on friday , traders said in late afternoon .
a senior us official arrived here wednesday for a week of talks with chinese counterparts aimed at settling a long-running dispute over copyright piracy in china .
the british government on wednesday pledged that if it decides , after general elections to be held within a year , to participate in a european single currency , it would put the question to a referendum .
a court wednesday ordered a full investigation into the abductions of ## people amid widespread official persecution of leftists during argentina 's ####-#### military government .
professor ding zilin has devoted six years to contacting families who lost relatives in the #### tiananmen massacre , but she spent chinese remembrance day alone thursday , grieving for her ##-year-old son .
torture and maltreatment of prisoners , suspected terrorists and even children is increasingly widespread in many countries , according to the latest un report on torture released thursday .
communist members of the russian parliament have drawn up a draft law that would roll back many of the economic reforms president boris yeltsin launched in #### , the new york times said friday .
mystery fumes swept through a tokyo subway station sunday forcing the hospitalisation of one woman and causing a new scare over the aum supreme truth cult .
algerian leaders have pencilled in the first half of next year for key legislative elections which could usher in genuine democracy in the war-wracked nation , a political leader said sunday after talks with president liamine zeroual .
eric cantona kept up his one-man crusade to land manchester united their third premiership title in four years by steering his side six points clear at the top with a #-# victory over coventry on monday .
some ### civilians , including lebanese diplomats and other foreigners , were being held hostage tuesday by liberian gunmen as factional fighting in the capital entered a fourth day , aid workers said .
fading title challengers newcastle may be forgiven for thinking that life at the top is tough -- but they should spare a thought for those scrapping for survival at the foot of the premiership .
foreign ministers and officials of ## islamic countries met in the bosnian capital wednesday to discuss the contribution of the islamic world to the reconstruction of this war-shattered country .
world number two pete sampras recovered from a second-set lapse in concentration to defeat canadian sebastian lareau #-# , #-# , #-# in the salem hong kong open here on wednesday .
the electric car market got a jump start here wednesday as honda and toyota unveiled their vehicles for california , which is expected to be the us proving ground for non-polluting automobiles .
boat dealers and builders participating in the first-ever international boat show in china are forecasting a boom in leisure - craft sales within the next five years .
third-seeded byron black of zimbabwe ended german alex radulescu 's giant-killing run in the indian open here saturday to book a place in the final against top seed thomas enqvist of sweden .
lebanese prime minister rafic hariri met sunday with egyptian president hosni mubarak for talks on the conflict in south lebanon , under an israeli air and artillery bombardment for the fourth straight day .
two israelis were hurt in hezbollah rocket attacks on sunday , the most sustained day of cross-border strikes since a showdown erupted with the guerrillas in lebanon , the army said .
russian forces in chechnya began a limited withdrawal monday , but warplanes kept bombing villages in the southeast of the caucasus mountain republic despite a unilateral ceasefire promise by moscow .
the southern chinese city of guangzhou has set up a special zone allowing foreign consulates to build permanent offices and residences and avoid prohibitive local rents , the china daily reported tuesday .
lebanese prime minister rafic hariri accused britain on tuesday of supporting the israeli assault on hezbollah guerrillas in lebanon as he announced plans to visit london .
two heads of opec arrived here tuesday for the first visit by a delegation from the oil cartel since iraq 's #### invasion of kuwait , the official news agency ina said .
the pilots of an american airlines jetliner that crashed into a colombian mountain in december killing all ### people aboard were tired and confused , according to a preliminary investigation .
india qualified for the final of the three-nation sharjah cup ahead of arch-rivals pakistan despite crashing to a five-wicket defeat in their last league match against south africa here on wednesday .
secretary of state warren christopher widened consultations on an israeli-lebanese ceasefire wednesday by including egypt and saudi arabia in the effort , an official said .
australian foreign minister alexander downer is to lobby singapore and thailand to support a proposed four-party peace meeting between south and north korea , deputy prime minister tim fischer said thursday .
german parliament called on the international olympic committee on thursday to do more for women in sport .
newcastle united and manchester united will very likely play off for the english title if they finish level on points , goal difference and goals scored at the end of the season .
the german government has protested to jakarta over violence treatment by indonesian security officers of a group of east timorese attempting to enter the embassy , a german diplomat told afp saturday .
denmark 's poul-erik hoyer completed his hat-trick of men 's singles badminton titles at the european championships , winning the final here on saturday .
four people were killed and more than ## injured when a passenger train derailed near here sunday morning .
indian police on monday said they have found evidence that a blast , which razed a popular hotel in new delhi killing ## people including eight foreigners , was caused by a powerful bomb .
a chinese couple has lost beijing 's first court case that challenged the imposition of heavy fines for violating the country 's draconian family planning regulations , a report said monday .
three films from asia-pacific are in the running for the coveted golden palms at this year 's cannes film festival , competing in a field dominated by european productions , organizers announced monday .
china and russia are to sign bilateral treaties on police cooperation during russian president boris yeltsin 's visit here this week to help combat transnational crime , xinhua reported tuesday .
israeli aircraft carried out ## air raids on the region of tyre in south lebanon on tuesday , including seven on areas where un peacekeepers have positions without causing casualties , police said .
president bill clinton announced reforms of the central intelligence agency aimed at restoring credibility in an espionage agency tarnished by the discovery of a russian mole in its midst .
dzhokhar dudayev , the legendary leader of chechnya 's five-year bid for independence , was killed by russian shell fire and has been buried in a secret location , separatists told afp on wednesday .
india 's ruling party is headed for a disaster in general elections starting saturday and hindu nationalists are likely to become the largest group in a hung parliament , according to an opinion poll published thursday .
french foreign minister herve de charette arrived thursday in beirut from damascus on a fresh round of shuttle diplomacy and immediately went into talks with lebanese leaders .
foreigners in sweden may finally be given access to the entire country during their stay after the government on thursday proposed to eliminate a ban on their presence in restricted areas .
hong kong shares closed down #.# percent on friday due to an absence of buyers and fresh incentives , dealers said .
spanish conservative leader jose maria aznar will become prime minister no sooner than the beginning of may and not early next week as his party had hoped , sources within a potential coalition partner said friday .
as us officials consider how to sanction china for selling nuclear technology to pakistan , the state department has temporarily extended a freeze on new government-backed loans to us firms for china projects .
hansa rostock 's akpoborie hit a ##rd minute winner at uefa cup finalists bayern munich , enough to knock the bavarians off top spot in the bundesliga on saturday .
serbian police say a bomb explosion that killed an ethnic albanian child in the tense province of kosovo was an accident , the tanjug news agency said sunday .
gold opened lower here on monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against friday 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
israeli prime minister shimon peres said monday he was confident the ceasefire in lebanon would hold because it was in the best interests of both countries as well as syria .
a chinese pro-democracy activist , who spent last year in self-imposed exile in france , has been arrested by police in shanghai , a report said tuesday .
the nato-led peace-keeping force in bosnia was braced for further violence tuesday after the most serious clashes between serbs and moslems here since moslem refugees began returning to former homes in serb-held territory .
the united states claimed credit tuesday for a ceasefire that ended fighting between israel and lebanese guerrillas , and rejected suggestions that it was forced to model the agreement after a french draft .
tenth seed novak djokovic defeated guillermo canas #-# , #-# , #-# here sunday in the final of the #.# million dollar atp miami masters series event .
australian share prices fell #.## percent monday after investor sentiment was rattled by speculation the central bank will raise interest rates this week , dealers said .
republican presidential candidate mitt romney has stashed ## million dollars in his #### war chest this year , outpacing party front-runner rudolph giuliani in a key early test of the white house race .
two drunken south african fans hurled racist abuse at the country 's rugby sevens coach after the team were eliminated from the weekend 's hong kong tournament , reports said tuesday .
qatar 's emir on tuesday appointed foreign minister sheikh hamad bin jassem bin jabr al-thani as prime minister in place of sheikh abdullah bin khalifa al - thani , the state news agency qna reported .
japan on tuesday said it was taking a `` cautious position '' on a civilian nuclear agreement between india and the united states .
india 's senior pro sachin tendulkar on wednesday broke his silence on the world cup debacle , saying the first round ouster had `` shattered the team 's dream .
israeli soldiers entered the gaza strip and clashed with militants on wednesday , the first major incursion into the territory since a november ceasefire , palestinian security sources said .
russian authorities want a european body to investigate the deaths of ### seals in the caspian sea , environmental officials said wednesday .
mark o'meara , the #### masters winner , doomed his chances of capturing this year 's first major championship if tradition holds by winning the masters par-# contest here wednesday .
three more american soldiers have been killed in baghdad , where iraqi and us forces are pressing a massive security crackdown into an eighth week , the military announced on thursday .
a senior iraqi journalist was killed on thursday when a suicide truck bomb exploded outside a television channel 's headquarters , the leading sunni political party that owns the network said .
defending national basketball association champions miami , who have battled injuries all season , booked their playoff berth thursday with a thrilling overtime victory over cleveland .
brazilian defender roberto carlos , who is leaving real madrid after ## years with the spanish giants , says he was almost `` destroyed '' by trauma in his personal life over the past two years .
with naval links dating back to the ##th century , the south-west of england , home to several of the ## naval personnel freed by iran , has weathered many a maritime storm in the past .
brazilian defender pepe is out for the rest of the season with a knee injury , his porto coach jesualdo ferreira said saturday .
russian president vladimir putin returned sunday a long-lost icon of our lady of vladimir to russia 's orthodox patriarch alexy ii ahead of the easter service in moscow , vowing to bring back other relics lost in the soviet times .
a high-level us delegation led by former un ambassador bill richardson arrived in north korea on sunday , official north and south korean media said .
the new york yankees placed slugger hideki matsui on the ##-day disabled list on sunday with a strained left hamstring .
us oil services giant halliburton said monday it had wrapped up its work commitments in iran and was no longer conducting any projects in the islamic republic .
french presidential frontrunner nicolas sarkozy on tuesday brushed off remarks from far-right rival jean-marie le pen who said sarkozy 's immigrant roots should be a factor for voters who head to the polls in less than two weeks .
world oil prices rebounded on tuesday after plunging a day earlier on profit - taking , as key crude producer iran again tested western nerves , analysts said .
five candidates contesting east timor 's presidential election filed a formal protest wednesday saying the poll was not fairly conducted , and that counting should be stopped immediately .
christian conservatives -- kingmakers in the last two us presidential elections -- may have less success in getting their pick elected in #### , political observers say .
former gucci creative director tom ford is set to open his first stand-alone store in new york on thursday , three years after leaving the fashion giant credited with turning the group around .
a sri lankan airlines jet headed for london turned around and made an emergency landing at the country 's only international airport thursday following a `` technical problem , '' officials said .
the russian steel group evraz , in which billionaire roman abramovich owns a ##-percent stake , is in negotiations to buy canadian group ipsco , the daily vedomosti said on thursday , quoting sources close to the russian company .
global trade growth could slacken this year given a forecast slowdown in the world economy , but chinese exports will continue to gain market share , the world trade organisation said on thursday .
the un security council on thursday strongly condemned the suicide car bombings in algeria and urged all states to help algiers bring the perpetrators and sponsors to justice .
turkish police have arrested two suspects believed to be behind a series bomb attacks last year at a popular southwestern resort that injured ## british tourists , the anatolia news agency reported friday .
ireland captain trent johnston believes his team can improve if they get more exposure against top teams like australia despite suffering a nine-wicket mauling at the hands of the world champions here on friday .
two lines of burly riot police linked arms to trap protesters on a street in central moscow on saturday .
france 's sebastian bourdais claimed his ##th career champ-car pole position here saturday , leading qualifiers for sunday 's long beach champ-car grand prix .
wayne rooney admits manchester united 's breathtaking form has reinvigorated him for the decisive final weeks of the season .
nearly ###,### people immigrated to the netherlands last year , marking an increase for the fourth year , statistics showed on monday .
team new zealand , out to avenge the humbling #-# capitulation of their america 's cup crown to alinghi four years ago , and the other ## challengers to the swiss team 's crown were left frustrated by the elements on the opening day of the louis vuitton cup here monday .
a japanese man was sentenced to ## months in prison by a los angeles court on monday on charges on trafficking exotic butterflies .
iran on tuesday sent its condolences to the people of arch enemy the united states after ## people were killed in a shooting at a university in the us state of virginia .
the finnish parliament on tuesday elected centre party leader matti vanhanen as prime minister , a post he has held since #### , after his party won legislative elections last month .
south africa rode on andrew hall 's maiden five-wicket burst to storm into the world cup semi-finals with an emphatic nine-wicket win which humiliated england here on tuesday .
even before its opening here thursday , hot docs , the largest documentary film festival in north america , can be assured of at least one controversial film -- one that aims to debunk michael moore .
the death toll from last month 's blast in siberia climbed to ### as two more bodies were discovered in the wreckage , the mine 's owner said wednesday .
somali elders accused ethiopian troops on wednesday of breaking a truce by attacking islamist insurgents in southern mogadishu , sparking clashes that killed at least seven civilians .
mark buehrle pitched the ##th no-hitter in chicago white sox history on wednesday , as the white sox defeated the texas rangers #-# .
riot police broke up scuffles thursday as a key by-election campaign began in malaysia that could bolster former deputy prime minister anwar ibrahim 's return to formal politics .
the white house on thursday warned iran of possible new sanctions after the un nuclear watchdog reported that tehran had begun sensitive nuclear work at a key site in defiance of un resolutions .
west indies captain brian lara said he will quit international cricket on saturday , ending speculation over his future after his team 's dismal world cup campaign .
the tokyo stock market is bracing for a slew of corporate results over the coming week , with the potential for a boost to sentiment if firms give upbeat earnings forecasts , analysts said friday .
ten bulgarians involved in trafficking women to france to work as prostitutes have been arrested following a joint operation by bulgarian and french authorities , the national investigation service said friday .
a gunman killed a male hostage and himself at nasa 's johnson space center friday , just days after ## people died in the bloodiest school shooting in us history .
malaysia has won an extention to keep hosting a formula one grand prix until #### , despite concerns about its course and talk of a bid from singapore , the head of the sepang circuit said sunday .
thousands of kashmiris chanting pro-pakistan slogans on sunday attended a rally to welcome back a hardline separatist leader who underwent cancer treatment in mumbai .
ireland have been rewarded for their memorable world cup debut by being confirmed as the ##th best team in the world .
turkmen president gurbanguly berdymukhammedov will begin a two-day visit to russia , his country 's main energy partner , on monday for trade talks , the kremlin press office said .
umaru yar ` adua , who was proclaimed winner of the nigerian presidential election on monday , is governor of the strict muslim state of katsina and the personal choice of outgoing leader olusegun obasanjo .
younis khan has pulled out of the pakistan squad to play a three-match series against sri lanka in abu dhabi in may saying he is still suffering from the team 's traumatic world cup .
a top radical islamist leader in morocco who was arrested last month after five years on the run recruited ## youths in casablanca to join insurgents in iraq , police sources said tuesday .
the only canadian detainee held at the us war-on-terror camp at guantanamo bay , cuba -- omar khadr , who was arrested in afghanistan in #### , at age ## -- has officially been charged with murder , spying and supporting terrorism , the pentagon said tuesday .
a consortium led by royal bank of scotland said wednesday it had proposed a ##.# - billion-euro counter-bid for dutch group abn amro , topping an offer from barclays by ## percent in the biggest banking deal ever .
us aviation giant boeing co. said wednesday first-quarter profits lifted ## percent from a year ago to ### million dollars as new aircraft orders took off .
argentina 's #### french open champion gaston gaudio could be set to retire from the sport after he said on wednesday he was n't sure whether he would continue on the atp circuit .
a firebomb seriously damaged the car of uruguay 's ambassador to greece overnight , police said thursday .
the euro hit ###.## yen in european trade early on thursday , its highest ever level against the japanese currency , on optimism about growth prospects for the ##-nation eurozone , dealers said .
an israeli patrol crossed into southern lebanon on thursday and was forced to end its `` violation '' after the intervention of un peacekeepers , the lebanese army said .
hollywood megastar and paparazzi favorite angelina jolie lobbied in washington thursday for the world 's orphans and children at risk .
european union foreign policy chief javier solana called on friday for the united states to open a `` channel of communication '' with iran on all subjects .
sri lankans were stocking up on snacks , soft drinks , ice cream and liquor on saturday to watch their home team battle australia at the cricket world cup finals in the caribbean .
sri lanka were ###-# after ## overs in the world cup final against australia at kensington oval on saturday chasing ### to win .
south african cricket captain graeme smith said on sunday he would not use politics as an excuse for south africa 's performance in the cricket world cup in the west indies .
silvia cavalleri denied lorena ochoa her chance to celebrate her new world no. # status with a victory sunday , the italian capturing her own first lpga title at the corona championship .
environmental groups monday called for immediate and decisive action on climate change , amid concern that powerful nations will seek to water down a masterplan aimed at tackling global warming .
sri lanka 's tamil tiger rebels said monday that they hit a military war plane on a bombing mission over their territory with anti-aircraft fire .
japanese share prices fell #.## percent in morning trade tuesday as losses monday on wall street overnight kept buyers at bay , dealers said .
an explosion in iraq 's restive northeastern province of diyala killed two us soldiers and wounded two more , the military reported monday .
myanmar 's opposition party , which is led by the detained aung san suu kyi , opened an art sale tuesday to raise money to help hundreds of political prisoners and their families .
european stock markets closed sharply higher on the first trading day of the year , with many indices at their highest levels in nearly six years on a wave of positive new year sentiment .
a guantanamo official squatted over a koran in front of a chained detainee and another bearded detainee 's head was wrapped in heavy packing tape as he prayed , a newly released fbi document on mistreatment at the war-on-terror prison reports .
australia 's agl energy said thursday it had made a preliminary merger approach to origin energy , paving the way for a ## billion dollar -lrb- ##.# billion us -rrb- deal that would create the country 's largest gas and electricity supplier .
macedonian president branko crvenkovski will spend orthodox christmas this weekend with the country 's troops serving in iraq , his cabinet said thursday .
us stocks put on a late closing spurt thursday as oil prices tumbled on milder winter temperatures , despite mixed sales reports from large retailers following the christmas holiday .
up to ## percent of the four million tourists expected to visit thailand in the first three months of the year may cancel their trips after deadly bombings in bangkok , a leading think-tank said friday .
six-party negotiations aimed at convincing north korea to abandon its nuclear weapons are expected to resume later this month in beijing , the us state department said friday .
the us embassy in baghdad on saturday confirmed the kidnapping of an american , saying he was working in iraq as a private security contractor .
detainees at the us guantanamo prison in cuba continue to be subjected to violence and extreme isolation , but abuse has become more subtle than three years ago , a lawyer representing several prisoners said tuesday .
russian world no. # nikolay davydenko became the fifth withdrawal through injury or illness at the sydney international wednesday , retiring from his second round match with a foot injury .
the european commission unveiled sweeping plans wednesday to diversify eu energy sources , slash carbon emissions by ## percent and enforce fuel competition .
russia 's gas and oil giant gazprom and us oil major chevron have set up a joint venture based in resource-rich northwestern siberia , the interfax news agency reported thursday quoting gazprom officials .
a lebanese soldier was wounded thursday when the army clashed with an islamist group outside a palestinian refugee camp in a dispute over a veiled woman , witnesses and the security services said .
david beckham will begin a new and possibly final mission in his colourful football career by quitting real madrid for los angeles galaxy in the united states in a deal reported to be worth a staggering ### million pounds -lrb- ###m dollars -rrb- .
japanese electronics maker sharp corp. announced plans friday to ramp up its output of flat screen televisions with new production lines in japan and mexico in response to flourishing demand .
sir alex ferguson revealed friday that david beckham 's move to the united states had not surprised him because he knew the midfielder would not return to england if he could not come back to manchester united .
the top us envoy to nuclear disarmament talks with north korea will return to the region late next week to meet key allies , but there are no indications a resumption of six-party negotiations with pyongyang are imminent , a senior us official said friday .
a woman street cleaner and her three young daughters were killed saturday when a bomb in a metal container exploded in bangladesh , police said .
los angeles galaxy coach frank yallop is not sure when david beckham is coming , but he knows where the former english captain is going .
croatia 's fourth seed ivan ljubicic became the highest-ranked player eliminated on the opening day of the australian open here monday .
italian police have uncovered a scheme by which the families of some ### illegal immigrant minors were duped into paying a gang for their freedom , police said monday .
air china is expected to remain the country 's most profitable carrier this year while the rest of the pack battles it out in a fast-growing but increasingly competitive market , analysts said .
munster hooker jerry flannery was included in ireland 's ##-man six nations squad on tuesday after returning to fitness from a shoulder injury which had kept him out of the autumn internationals .
an international terror suspect who had been under a controversial loose form of house arrest is on the run , british home secretary john reid said tuesday .
dalian city commercial bank confirmed wednesday it would sell a near ##-percent stake to canada 's scotiabank and the international finance corp , a private investment arm of the world bank .
a third vessel may have contributed to a fatal collision between a container ship and a passenger hydrofoil in italy 's busy messina strait , press reports said wednesday .
world oil prices dived close to ## dollars per barrel in london and new york on wednesday , hitting fresh ##-month lows after the market ruled out the prospect of a new opec production cut , analysts said .
east timor and the united nations on thursday launched an appeal for ##.# million dollars to help resettle and reintegrate about ###,### people displaced by violence which wracked the country last year .
iraqi president jalal talabani and high-ranking syrian baath party officials met here thursday and affirmed their joint aim to improve ties between the two countries , official media said .
australian stocks are expected to remain near record levels in the week ahead , although uncertainty over commodity prices could see a drift away from mining shares towards the financial sector , dealers said friday .
at least ## sri lankan soldiers and ### tiger guerrillas were killed in the battle for a key rebel stronghold which fell into government hands friday , the defense ministry said .
former us lawmaker bob ney , a member of president george w. bush 's republican party , was sentenced on friday to ## months in prison , the us department of justice said .
us defense secretary robert gates returned home early saturday with assurances that so far iraqi prime minister nuri al-maliki is living up to his pledge to support a renewed crackdown on sectarian violence .
a bomb blast in a bus killed five people and wounded ## in baghdad on sunday as the us military announced the arrival of about #,### new troops to secure the violent city , security officials said .
insurgents killed five us troops across iraq 's sunni province of al-anbar , bringing us losses in a single day to ## , the military reported sunday .
china reinsurance , the nation 's only reinsurer , received a four-billion-dollar government fund injection in preparation for listings at home and abroad , state media said monday .
palestinians were preparing monday to press on with efforts to form a national unity government after inconclusive talks between khaled meshaal , leader of the ruling hamas movement , and president mahmud abbas , head of the rival fatah party .
for a tiny caribbean nation , cuba has a big reputation for its sporting prowess but that is increasingly coming under threat .
a german registered container ship ran aground at the entrance to the french port of le havre early tuesday , but authorities said there were no casualties .
the european commission on tuesday called on germany , france , italy and slovenia to step up efforts to improve their public finances despite booming tax revenues .
the uefa presidency battle between michel platini and incumbent lennart johansson was hotting up on tuesday with heavyweight german football legend franz beckenbauer throwing his weight behind johansson .
democrats on tuesday accused president george w. bush of `` recklessly '' leading america into war in iraq and called for a withdrawal of us forces , in a blunt rebuttal to the president 's annual state of the union speech .
chadian security forces detained an armed hijacker who forced a sudanese plane heading to the troubled darfur region to to n ` djamena on wednesday .
a senate panel began debate wednesday on a resolution condemning president george w. bush 's plan to send an additional ##,### troops to iraq , in what would be , if it passes , an unprecedented rebuke of the us leader .
germany 's aliona savchenko and robin szolkowy won their first major title when they claimed pairs gold at european figure skating championships here on wednesday .
results from day ## of the australian open at melbourne park here thursday -lrb- x denotes seeding -rrb- .
four children were killed and another three wounded thursday when an old mortar fuse exploded as they played with it in afghanistan 's capital , police said .
un chief ban ki-moon on thursday huddled with his special envoy for kosovo to discuss the disputed serbian province 's future status on the sidelines of the paris conference on lebanon reconstruction , his spokeswoman said .
japanese core consumer prices rose by #.# percent in december from a year earlier , the government said friday as deflationary pressure eases in the country .
vaccinations have reached record levels in poor countries , saving the lives of some #.# million children , a global immunisation program funded by computer billionaire bill gates said friday .
quebec 's prime minister jean charest did not speak by phone with french socialist presidential candidate segolene royal , his spokesman said friday , confirming that royal had fallen victim to an impostor .
questions were raised friday over how much blame should be heaped on a top reporter jailed for hacking into phone messages about the british royal family -- and how much on his bosses .
ministers from china and japan wrapped up three days of closed-door strategic talks over the weekend , vowing to build `` mutually beneficial '' ties , chinese state media reported sunday .
sweden 's jens byggmark won his second men 's world cup slalom within ## hours here on sunday .
bollywood star shilpa shetty won the reality television show `` celebrity big brother '' , earning press plaudits monday for having changed britain by enduring with grace allegedly racist bullying that sparked an international row .
insurgents attacked a police post in a taliban heartland in southern afghanistan overnight , killing a policeman and wounding two others , officials said monday .
pope john paul ii had such a passion for skiing that he carried on hitting the slopes -- incognito -- even after becoming pontiff , according to a memoir by his personal secretary stanislaw dziwisz .
rio ferdinand admits manchester united 's recent defensive problems are causing concern ahead of the crucial , closing stages of the season .
russia is cautiously optimistic about upcoming six-nation talks aimed at dismantling north korea 's nuclear weapons program , deputy foreign minister alexander losyukov was quoted as saying tuesday .
several mortar rounds slammed into a baghdad sunni district tuesday , killing at least ## people , hours after dozens of shiite pilgrims were killed in other attacks around iraq , police said .
us forces are running up against the clock in implementing a badly-needed new strategy in iraq , the admiral who is set to take over the command of us forces in the middle east said tuesday .
some ## countries met here wednesday to set national quotas for tuna whose total catch has been reduced to prevent the immensely popular fish being hunted to extinction .
germany has ordered the arrest of ## people behind the alleged cia-backed kidnapping of a lebanese-born german man , prosecutors said wednesday , in one of the best-known cases of us `` renditions '' of terror suspects .
eight people were killed and several injured when two passenger vans collided wednesday near the western kenyan city of kisumu , throwing one of them into a nearby river , officials said .
canada and the united states have launched a satellite mapping project of north america to better monitor biodiversity and climate change in the region , natural resources canada said wednesday .
chelsea owner roman abramovich and england captain david beckham top english soccer 's rich lists .
the pentagon has decided to bolster u.s. forces in iraq in advance of elections scheduled for late january by sending elements of the ##nd airborne division from fort bragg , north carolina , and extending the tours of duty for other units already in iraq , officials said wednesday .
crude oil prices rose briefly before heading lower and dropping through us$ ## friday following two days of sharp sell-offs as worries about low winter fuel inventories dissipate amid rising supplies .
a chemical weapons laboratory that u.s. forces found last week in fallujah as they chased out insurgents had chemicals and other paraphernalia to make deadly hydrogen cyanide , pentagon officials said friday .
austrian christoph gruber took the first-run lead saturday by two-tenths of a second in a world cup giant slalom , which claimed defending discipline champion bode miller , who crashed early in his run .
two major challenges are expected to unfold monday when ohio secretary of state kenneth blackwell certifies the state 's final presidential election results , declaring president george w. bush the winner by about ###,### votes .
ukraine will not pull out its #,###-member contingent from the u.s.-led coalition in iraq for at least four to five more months because the withdrawal would be too expensive , the defense minister said monday .
shots in the air , music in the streets and screams of joys greeted six students who returned home monday after being released from an israeli jail the day before in a high-profile prisoner swap .
state-owned indian airlines and air-india will soon finalize plans to buy new planes , the aviation minister said tuesday , in what would be another major battle for orders between the world 's largest commercial aircraft makers _ airbus and boeing .
jack newfield , a muckraking reporter and newspaper columnist who wrote books on robert f. kennedy and boxing impresario don king , has died .
japan airlines said wednesday it has selected boeing co. 's new #e# passenger jet to replace a fleet of older aircraft _ the latest development in the rivalry between the u.s. aircraft maker and airbus of europe to woo asian carriers .
three city police officers have been arrested on suspicion of shooting two arizona tourists they were allegedly trying to rob , federal police reported on wednesday .
in a land of magic and mystics , beyond the waves of the arabian sea , lives a hero whose soul will forever remain american .
days of rioting between christians and muslims in eastern pakistan following allegations that a quran was defiled escalated saturday , leaving six christians dead , including a child , authorities said .
